# CS250

User stories help developers understand the user's perspective by focusing on what the user wants to achieve and how the software can help them. They provide a common language between the development team and stakeholders, which helps ensure that everyone is on the same page about the desired features and functionalities. User stories help prioritize development efforts, as they can be ranked by their importance to the user. Developers can follow an Agile development approach, to implement user needs into a program. In Agile development, user stories are used to create a backlog of features, which are prioritized and worked on in short iterations or sprints. During each sprint, the development team works on a subset of features, implements them, and receives feedback from users and stakeholders. This feedback is used to improve the software and prioritize future development efforts.

I would approach software development by identifying user needs, capturing the needs in user stories, planning and prioritizing the user stories, and initiating development iteratively. Once development is complete, the product feature would be thoroughly tested. Once the product is ready, I would deploy it, and continue to maintain and improve it based on the feedback from the users. Some of the agile processes that I hope to incorporate into my future development work are SAFe, Kanban, Continuous Integration and Delivery, and Retrospectives.

Being a good team member in a software development team is having integrity, being collaborative, having effective communication techniques, attention to details, and able to adapt to frequent changes. In addition to these, one should be able to solve complex problems via code, learning new technologies on a regular basis.
